Question 3E:
(a) 
Username for 'https://github.com': coltonbraddy@gmail.com
Password for 'https://coltonbraddy@gmail.com@github.com':
Counting objects: 7, done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 849 bytes | 283.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/cjbraddy/Assignment1.git
   3d373c9..aab13e2  master -> master
   
(b)
git rev-list --all --count

(c)
git log --follow .gitignore

(d)
Branches are used so that development can occur without fear of the program
being corrupted by a change.
They are also used so that there can be better organization regarding separation
of development for different features.

(e)
Git log shows the list of all commits for the remote repository, while git 
status relates your local repository's changes to the remote, showing the
working tree status.

(f)
git log --follow Weapon.h

(g)
git log --grep=file

(h)
(I) Inheritance is when a class "inherits" functions, variables, and properties
from a parent class.
(II) Polymorphism is when one can use the parent's reference variable to refer
to a child object.
(III) Encapsulation is when one protects an object's data from being accessed 
unless through approved function calls.

(i)
The main difference between the integration manager workflow and the dictator
workflow is that in the dictator workflow, the developer's work is checked
by at least two other people before being committed to the central repository.

(j)
The dictator workflow would be beneficial for larger projects as the dictator 
does not have to sort through all submitted commits themselves, relying on 
lieutenants to assist. This provides a clearer view on what to merge with the
main branch.

Question 5:
The RoleGame prototype is using polymorphism with the WeaponFactory class, as
the return type is "Weapon" but children of the Weapon class are returned
instead. Main.cpp also exhibits polymorphism as it uses Weapon pointers to
point to its children, in both the main function and simulateWeapon.
The prototype also uses encapsulation in Weapon.h and WeaponFactory.h, as 
Weapon.h uses protected member data, only allowing its children and itself to
access it, and WeaponFactory.h uses private member data, only allowing itself
to access it.